
# Version 2.0.0

## New Features

### Multiple BigQuery Regions Support

In previous releases, the solution was able to inspect data in only one BigQuery region, requiring N regional-deployments
to support more than one region. Starting at version 2.0.0 one deployment of the solution is able to inspect data 
in multiple BigQuery regions.

To inspect data in multiple BigQuery regions, the `source_data_regions` variable must be configured in Terraform.

### Classification Taxonomy Scalability

In previous releases, the solution was using only one DLP inspection template (to define the info types to be inspected)
and one policy tag taxonomy (to include a policy tag per defined info type). Accordingly, the solution inherited the product
limitations on the number of info types per inspection template and number of tags per taxonomy.

Starting at version 2.0.0, info types and policy tags could be split over multiple templates and taxonomies using the
`inspection_template_number` and `taxonomy_number` fields in the `classification_taxonomy` terraform variable.

### BigQuery Table Labels

Users can map DLP info types to resource labels, via the `labels` field in the `classification_taxonomy` terraform variable, 
to be latter attached to inspected tables where this info type was found. This is useful as a way to annotate tables with desired 
metadata about data sensitivity.

### Custom Info Types

Regex and dictionary custom info types are now configured in the main terraform variables file instead of the dlp module
as before.


## Migration from v1.x.x

The following changes must be added to your Terraform variables file: 

* Add `source_data_regions` to configure the BigQuery regions to be inspected in your projects. This will deploy one DLP
inspection template and one policy tag taxonomy per configured region. Datasets that resides in regions that are not
configured will be skipped.
* Custom info types definition, if have been used, must be moved from the Terraform [dlp module](../../terraform/modules/dlp/main.tf)
to your variables file in either the `custom_info_types_dictionaries` or `custom_info_types_regex` variables. Corresponding
entries per custom info type must be added to the `classification_taxonomy` as well.
* Rename `is_dry_run` to `is_dry_run_tags`: this controls if policy tags are actually attached to BigQuery columns based on DLP findings. 
Set to `True` to not attach policy tags and `False` to attach them. 
* Add a new variable `is_dry_run_labels` to  control if labels should be attached to BigQuery tables based on DLP findings 
(as optionally configured in `classification_taxonomy.labels`). Set to `True` to not attach labels and `False` to attach them.
* Remove the `tables_include_list` variable. BigQuery scan scope ends at dataset level now.

Please refer to the [standard-mode](../guide-standard-dlp.md) and [discovery-service-mode](../guide-discovery-service.md) 
deployment guides for more details about the Terraform variables. 

